---
layout: default
title: Acuity Scheduling Online Booking
category: portfolio
modal-id: 3
img: acuity.png
alt: Acuity scheduling page
client: Acuity Scheduling
application: Automated Scheduling
project-date: Feb 2018 - Jun 2018
tech:
- React
- Redux
- GraphQL & Apollo
- Storybook
- Ant Theme
- Material UI
- Jest framework
tools:
- Docker
- Github
- Webpack
concepts:
- MVC
- TDD
- Lean Documentation
- Agile & Scrum
stack:
- Linux
- Nginx
- MySQL
- PHP
---

### Client

<a href="http://www.acuityscheduling.com" target="_blank">AcuityScheduling</a>, a famous scheduling SaaS for SMBs, decided to increase its market share.  
As a part of that endeavor, they decided to develop a new functional branch that targeted companies of larger scale.
I was hired to deliver that, along with the in-house team of four. The CEO, Gavin, personally managed the project, and I was in charge of the front-end along with Brian, a veteran developer of the company.

### Contributions

The foremost thing that caught my attention was the chain link where front-end connects with its GraphQL counter-part.  
The original Redux-based state management had to be adjusted for it.  
I introduced Apollo, the GraphQL client, to the team, and gradually replaced the entire Redux platform with it.
At the end of the day, the Apollo-powered front-end worked better with GraphQL and eliminated the old-school Redux conventions that only added weight to the React components.  

### Challenges

Most of the challenges were technological.  
The biggest one was the usage of HOCs and render props. (HOC - Higher Order Component)  
I literally lacked experience with it, and no way close to the sophistication. There came my mentor, Brian, who guided me through it via one to-the-point example he had written.  

On the other hand, I studied the best examples online and tried them on the code level until I figured out the essence of those concepts.  
It took me 7 extra hours to catch up and start writing beautiful HOC pieces.

### Accomplishments, My lesson

Technologically, I elevated my React skill in terms of scalability and re-usability.  
It also gave me a realization of why mentorship is important. The mentorship from Brian literally saved me and the team tens of hours.

### Testimonial

Brian commented in the following Linkedin recommendation.  
> Liu is a great React developer, he listens and applies feedback readily. Months later his code is still surviving strong, and I know if I have to go add to Liu's code it will be a pleasure.
