---
layout: default
title: MyTime Online Scheduling
category: portfolio
modal-id: 6
img: mytime.png
alt: MyTime dashboard page
client: MyTime
application: Merchant Onboarding, Booking Management
project-date: Oct 2018 - Feb 2019
tech:
- React
- Ruby on Rails
- Typescript
- ElasticSearch
- Redux
- Redux-form
- Stripe
- SendGrid
- Rails Workers
- Rails Engine
tools:
- CircleCI
- Jenkins
- Webpack
- Github
- Docker
- Pivotal Tracker
concepts:
- TDD
- SOLID
- Sprints
- Design Patterns
- Server-side Render
- I18N
stack:
- Linux
- AWS
- MongoDB
---

### Client

After four tough stages of the technical interview, <a href="http://www.mytime.com" target="_blank">MyTime</a> decided to hire me to help them accelerate the improvement of the product.  
As a beginner in the MyTime echo system, I received a lot of mentorship from a number of team leads and touched almost every part of the project.

### Contributions

There is nothing fancy or legendary.

I built the Merchant Data Ingestion module, fixed 2 dozens of front-end issues, and helped transforming AngularJS 1.6 front-end to ReactJS.

### Challenges

It was **the longest onboarding** for me as a freelance developer. Furthermore, the learning curve was very steep.
To accelerate the onboarding process, I studied the backlog tasks in advance and volunteered for some of the tasks that could serve as cornerstones. Coupling it with my full-blown diligence, I managed to start producing value from day 4.

On the other hand, I composed Docker images to streamline the development process. It was for my own good, as I had issues with gem installation on my local machine.

### Accomplishments, My lesson

As a <abbr title="not because of my lack of skill and experience">junior</abbr> developer for almost 5 months, I knew I wasn't very happy.  
I asked my honest self why.  
And the answer?  
> I needed Responsibility.

Now, I can accurately picture my dream job.  
It has little to do with the paycheck or the people. It is **my role in the project** that matters.
